https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/alpine-cloud-images.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/alpine-cloud-images.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/alpine-images-service.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/alpine-images-service.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/tiny-ec2-bootstrap.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/cloud/tiny-ec2-bootstrap.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/developer-handbook.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/developer-handbook.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/docs.a.o.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/docs.a.o.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/governance.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/governance.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/user-handbook.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docs/user-handbook.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/algitbot.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/algitbot.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/alpine-mirror-sync.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/alpine-mirror-sync.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/aports-qa-bot.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/aports-qa-bot.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/appstream-generator.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/appstream-generator.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/cgit.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/cgit.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-acceptance-tests.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-acceptance-tests.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-inbound-email.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-inbound-email.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-runner-alpine-ci.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/gitlab-runner-alpine-ci.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/mailman.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/mailman.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/netbox.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/netbox.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/package-host.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/package-host.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/webhook.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/compose/webhook.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/abuild-ci.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/abuild-ci.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/alpine-gitlab-ci.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/alpine-gitlab-ci.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/alpine-www.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/alpine-www.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/ansible.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/ansible.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/apkbuild-lint-tools.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/apkbuild-lint-tools.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-build.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-build.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-qa-bot.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-qa-bot.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-turbo.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/aports-turbo.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/appstream-generator.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/appstream-generator.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/darkhttpd.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/darkhttpd.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/docker-cli.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/docker-cli.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/docker-compose.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/docker-compose.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/git-mirror-syncd.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/git-mirror-syncd.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/github-pr-migration.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/github-pr-migration.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab-runner.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab-runner.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab-runner-helper.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/gitlab-runner-helper.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/golang.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/golang.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/lua-turbo.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/docker/lua-turbo.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/alpine-mksite.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/alpine-mksite.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/alpine-netboot.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/alpine-netboot.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/aports-turbo.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/aports-turbo.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/build-server-status.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/build-server-status.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/gitlab-ci-templates.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/gitlab-ci-templates.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/ifra.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/ifra.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/ifra-packages.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/ifra-packages.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/mirror-status.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/mirror-status.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/repo-tools.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/repo-tools.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/turbo-paste.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/turbo-paste.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/zabbix-agent2-plugins.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/infra/zabbix-agent2-plugins.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/abuild.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/abuild.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpine-baselayout.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpine-baselayout.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpine-conf.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpine-conf.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpineconf-cfp.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/alpineconf-cfp.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/apk-tools.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/apk-tools.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/awall.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/awall.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/ca-certificates.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/ca-certificates.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/council.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/council.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/dmvpn-tools.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/dmvpn-tools.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docker-abuild.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/docker-abuild.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/go.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/go.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/lua-aports.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/lua-aports.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/mkinitfs.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/mkinitfs.git
https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/tsc.git gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/tsc.git
