https://git.openwrt.org/buildbot.git git.openwrt.org/buildbot.git
https://git.openwrt.org/feed/packages.git git.openwrt.org/feed/packages.git
https://git.openwrt.org/feed/routing.git git.openwrt.org/feed/routing.git
https://git.openwrt.org/feed/telephony.git git.openwrt.org/feed/telephony.git
https://git.openwrt.org/feed/video.git git.openwrt.org/feed/video.git
https://git.openwrt.org/keyring.git git.openwrt.org/keyring.git
https://git.openwrt.org/maintainer-tools.git git.openwrt.org/maintainer-tools.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/openwrt.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/openwrt.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/981213.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/981213.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/blocktrron.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/blocktrron.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/chunkeey.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/chunkeey.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/dangole.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/dangole.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/dedeckeh.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/dedeckeh.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/florian.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/florian.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/hauke.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/hauke.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/jogo.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/jogo.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/jow.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/jow.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/kaloz.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/kaloz.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/ldir.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/ldir.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/luka.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/luka.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/lynxis.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/lynxis.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/lynxis/omap.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/lynxis/omap.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/mkresin.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/mkresin.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/nbd.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/nbd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/neoraider.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/neoraider.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/noltari.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/noltari.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/pepe2k.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/pepe2k.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/rmilecki.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/rmilecki.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/stintel.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/stintel.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/thess.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/thess.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/wigyori.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/wigyori.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/xback.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/xback.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/ynezz.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/ynezz.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/yousong.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/yousong.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/archive.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/archive.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/docs.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/docs.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/feeds.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/feeds.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/openwrt.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/openwrt.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/packages.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/svn-archive/packages.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/firewall3.git git.openwrt.org/project/firewall3.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/firmware-utils.git git.openwrt.org/project/firmware-utils.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/fstools.git git.openwrt.org/project/fstools.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/fwtool.git git.openwrt.org/project/fwtool.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/iwinfo.git git.openwrt.org/project/iwinfo.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/jsonpath.git git.openwrt.org/project/jsonpath.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/libnl-tiny.git git.openwrt.org/project/libnl-tiny.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/librpc-uclibc.git git.openwrt.org/project/librpc-uclibc.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/libubox.git git.openwrt.org/project/libubox.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/luci.git git.openwrt.org/project/luci.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/luci2/ui.git git.openwrt.org/project/luci2/ui.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/make_ext4fs.git git.openwrt.org/project/make_ext4fs.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/mdnsd.git git.openwrt.org/project/mdnsd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/mountd.git git.openwrt.org/project/mountd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/netifd.git git.openwrt.org/project/netifd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/odhcp6c.git git.openwrt.org/project/odhcp6c.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/odhcpd.git git.openwrt.org/project/odhcpd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/omcproxy.git git.openwrt.org/project/omcproxy.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/opkg-lede.git git.openwrt.org/project/opkg-lede.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/procd.git git.openwrt.org/project/procd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/relayd.git git.openwrt.org/project/relayd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/rpcd.git git.openwrt.org/project/rpcd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/ubox.git git.openwrt.org/project/ubox.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/ubus.git git.openwrt.org/project/ubus.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/ucert.git git.openwrt.org/project/ucert.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/uci.git git.openwrt.org/project/uci.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/uclient.git git.openwrt.org/project/uclient.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/ugps.git git.openwrt.org/project/ugps.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/uhttpd.git git.openwrt.org/project/uhttpd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/umbim.git git.openwrt.org/project/umbim.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/uqmi.git git.openwrt.org/project/uqmi.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/urngd.git git.openwrt.org/project/urngd.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/usbmode.git git.openwrt.org/project/usbmode.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/usign.git git.openwrt.org/project/usign.git
https://git.openwrt.org/project/ustream-ssl.git git.openwrt.org/project/ustream-ssl.git
https://git.openwrt.org/web.git git.openwrt.org/web.git
https://git.openwrt.org/web/firmware-selector-openwrt-org.git git.openwrt.org/web/firmware-selector-openwrt-org.git
https://git.openwrt.org/web/lists-openwrt-org.git git.openwrt.org/web/lists-openwrt-org.git
https://git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/zorun.git git.openwrt.org/openwrt/staging/zorun.git
