https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/anbox-image-make.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/anbox-image-make.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/apkbrowser.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/apkbrowser.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/libapk-qt.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/libapk-qt.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/aports-turbo.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/aports-turbo.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/artwork.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/artwork.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/asus-transformer-blobtools.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/asus-transformer-blobtools.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/boot-deploy.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/boot-deploy.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/build.postmarketos.org.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/build.postmarketos.org.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/cast.postmarketos.org.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/cast.postmarketos.org.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/charging-sdl.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/charging-sdl.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/ci-common.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/ci-common.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/fbdebug.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/fbdebug.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gnss-share.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gnss-share.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gpmbootstrap.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gpmbootstrap.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gps-nokia-n900.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/gps-nokia-n900.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/hkdm.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/hkdm.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/install-makedepends.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/install-makedepends.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/linux-postmarketos.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/linux-postmarketos.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/matrix-bot.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/matrix-bot.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/megapixels.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/megapixels.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/mobile-config-firefox.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/mobile-config-firefox.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/monitoring.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/monitoring.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/mrhlpr.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/mrhlpr.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/obex-capabilities.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/obex-capabilities.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/openrc-settingsd.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/openrc-settingsd.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/osk-sdl.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/osk-sdl.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-upgrade-gtk3.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-upgrade-gtk3.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-welcome-gtk3.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-welcome-gtk3.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-android-recovery-installer.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-android-recovery-installer.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-apparmor-profiles.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-apparmor-profiles.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-backup.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-backup.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-demos.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-demos.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-mkinitfs.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-mkinitfs.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-ondev.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-ondev.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-splash.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-splash.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-theme.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-theme.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-tweaks.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos-tweaks.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.org.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.org.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/q6voiced.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/q6voiced.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/reboot-mode.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/reboot-mode.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/tinydm.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/tinydm.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/unudhcpd.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/unudhcpd.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/wiki.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/wiki.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/xfce4-phone.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/xfce4-phone.git
https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/yotlip.git gitlab.com/postmarketOS/yotlip.git
